Ah, go away
Mr. Jiang, how do you write it?
You think I'll be like that stupid man in the future
I was framed by you obediently
I have put you in the company.
Evidence of a myth
The evidence that you and I have imported into the upper echelons has been collected
Get ready for oranges
You move forward.
Please forgive me
I just don't want you and Chen Lin
Is that wild girl together?
What right do you have to point fingers at me?
Do you really have the heart to look at your own biological mother?
Down and out?
Pardon me?
I'm mom
I knew Xiaoyu wouldn't be so cruel
Give me the phone
What I know give me your phone when you procrastinate
If I don't give
I have a way
Hack into your phone and delete the video
If you don't cooperate, I'll make your life worse than death
Why are you not surprised?
Did you already know that I am your mother?
I've seen you many times at the orphanage
Every time you come to the corner to peek at me
I overheard a conversation like this one one time.
Did you put me in the orphanage on purpose?
Just looking for an opportunity
Let you raise your son for the rest of your life
You know the temporary green hills
Will raise an orphan to adulthood
Heard it all
I think about it
And I have your rotten blood on me
I feel sick
Don't try to use the blood relationship, you don't deserve it
I don't deserve it, does he deserve it?
He can't even protect his own daughter
Don't lift the corpse in front of me
It will make you die miserably.
Jiang Yu
You've been drinking?
Don't be like this, why is Jiang Yu so abnormal today?
Is there something going on that I don't know about?